Update musl to v1.2.2 (#13006)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

See docs/process.md for more on how version tagging works.

3.0.0
------
- The version of musl libc used by emscripten was upgraded from v1.1.15 to
  v1.2.2.  There could be some minor size regressions (or gains) due to changes

>   in upstream musl code be we don't expect anything major.  Since this fairly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in upstream musl code but we don't expect anything major.  Since this a fairly large
```
